---
layout: post
title: Resume
description: "This is my personal resume!"
modified: 2016-09-30
tags: [about myself]
image:
  background: triangular.png
---

This is my personal resume. Check it out!

## General Information
* **Name (EN):** Allen Shieh
* **Name (CN):** Yao Xie
* **Gender:** Male
* **National:** China
* **Phone:** (86) 13162566108
* **E-mail:** allenshieh88@gmail.com/allen_shieh@outlook.com


## Education
* [**Shanghai Jiao Tong University**](http://en.sjtu.edu.cn/) Sept. 2013 - July 2017 <br>
B.S. of [Computer Science & Technology](http://www.cs.sjtu.edu.cn/en/)


## Publications
* **Paper: Yao Xie**, Xiao-Yang Liu, Linghe Kong, Fan Wu, Guihai Chen, Athanasios V. Vasilakos, *"Drone-Based Wireless Relay using Online Tensor Update"*, **IEEE International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS)**, 2016. \[[PDF](/publications/icpads2016drone.pdf)\]
* **Patent:** Linghe Kong, **Yao Xie**, Fan Wu, Yifeng Cao, Xiao-Yang Liu, Guihai Chen, *"Drone-Based Optimal Relay Locating Mehtod and System"*, public, China, 2016.


## Reseach Experiences
**Drone-Based Wireless Relay** Mar. 2016 - July 2016 <br>
*Advisor: Dr. Linghe Kong (Special Researcher)* <br>
* Develop a novel online algorithm to solve the problem of finding optimal relay location for drones under emergencies. <br>
* The paper was accepted in the 22nd IEEE International Conference on Parallel and Distributed System (ICPADS) 2016. <br>
* Design a relay establishment system and the patent is in public status (China). <br>


## Selected Projects
**Y86 Smulator and Assembler** Mar. 2014 - June 2014 <br>
* Implemented a simulator that simulates the behavior of a machine running Y86 binary codes. <br>
* Implemented an assembler that transform Y86 assembly codes into Y86 binary codes. <br>

**Game 2048** July 2014 - Aug. 2014 <br>
* Implemented a game 2048 on the Windows platform in C++. <br>
* Added additional functions, such as music/theme changing, multiple modes, etc. <br>

**Adaptive Pinyin Input Method on iOS Platform** Oct. 2014 - Dec. 2014 <br>
*Advisor: A.P. Hai Zhao* <br>
* Learnt the basic structure of input method and implement details of Sunpinyin. <br>
* Designed a potential input method structure for mobile system. <br>
* Solved the mix compilation problem of Objective-C/C++ on Mac. <br>

**Android Based Car Controlling** Oct. 2015 - Dec. 2015  \[[Link](http://eelab.sjtu.edu.cn/kc/2015-12/C17/)\] <br>
* Developed a mobile software that could control the car through Bluetooth. <br>
* Added controlling methods, such as voice, gesture, etc. <br>

**Video Based Multi-Object Tracking System** Oct. 2015 - Dec. 2015 \[[Link](https://github.com/AllenShieh/MultiTrackProject)\] <br>
* Learnt about the multi-object tracking theory and algorithms. <br>
* Developed a software that could track multiple persons in a video using MATLAB. <br>

**MR. Chorder** Aug. 2016 \[[Link](https://github.com/aaronguo1996/MrChorder)\] <br>
* Learnt C# from scratch and the basic idea of Decision Tree. <br>
* Rendered the music score PDF le using ITEXTSHARP. <br>
* Built the website that could transform music les into music scores. <br>


## Working Experiences
**Scholarship Department, Student Service Center** Mar. 2014 - July 2014 <br>
*Staff* <br>
* Served as a consultant of scholarship-related issue. <br>
* In charge of managing the admission of several scholarships. <br>

**Culture and Sports Center, Student Union** May 2014 - May 2015 <br>
*Vice Minister* <br>
* Involved in organization of campus-level ceremony. <br>
* Held culturesports-related campus events. <br>

**Microsoft Student Club, Shanghai Jiao Tong University** May 2014 - Dec. 2015 <br>
*Chairman* <br>
* Helped hold campus events sponsored by Microsoft Research Asia. <br>
* Held campus events related to Microsoft. <br>
* Organized to participate in technical contests. <br>

**Data Structure Course (Prof. Yong Yu)** Sept. 2014 - Jan. 2015 <br>
*Teaching Assistant* <br>
* Responsible for giving assignments, answering questions and evaluating codes. <br>
* Held review class on sorting algorithms for classmates. <br>

**MSD Team, Microsoft APGC CSS** June 2016 - Sept. 2016 <br>
*Support Engneer Intern* <br>
* Learnt about the server/client adminstration product SCCM. <br>
* Built LABs to reproduce the error in cases. <br>
* Participate in the Young Hackathon and won the first prize in Shanghai site. <br>


## Scholarships & Awards
* First Prize, **Microsoft Student Summer Camp Garage** Aug.2014
* **Star of Microsoft Student Club** Aug. 2014
* **Arawana Scholarship** Nov. 2014
* **Excellent Scholarship B** Nov. 2014
* **Mathematical Contest in Modeling Meritorious Winner** Apr. 2015
* Top 3.61%, **CCF Certified Software Professionals** Sept. 2015
* **Excellent Scholarship C** Oct. 2015


## Skills
**Programming Languages:** <br>
* C/C++, C#, MATLAB, LATEX, Python, Haskell. <br>
**Standard Tests** <br>
* GRE: V 154 (64%), Quantitative (97%), AW 4.0 (59%). <br>
* TOEFL: 107 (R 30, L 29, S 24, W 24). <br>


## Interests
* **Sports:** Football, Basketball.
* **Music:** Guitar, Electronic Guitar, Bamboo Flute.
